Tne CuStomer eMart is into Grocerv business bv running chain of stores across the NA Region, and does 
quite a lot of retail and bulk sales in a given day, The Customer is facing challenge in terms of managing 
the inventory its gets on the daily or regular basis. 
2. Inventory Management for a EMart Grocery Shop 
On one side, the products arrives from the distributors or direct sellers into the customer ware house, 
and on the other side, the same product is being stacked in the shelf for the people to buy. 
The challenge the customer faces is 
At any point of time what is the stock available in the inventory(ie in warehouse), and available 
in the shelf 
The edible stocks that does not move too fast, are tend of get spoiled too frequently. The system 
should give warning 2-3 days in advance when that situation arises. 
To categorize & identify the damaged goods, 
Whether during transport 
o During shopping 
Or by expiry dates 
Invoices to the suppliers to be managed for every stocks that moves in, and reverse invoices for 
the goods that mnoves out. 
Alert should be made to the administrator, when some stocks go below the threshold. 
Build an online web application that handles following functionalities 
1. 
Login to the application using secure credentials 
User able to enter or upload data pertaining to incoming inventories. 
3. 
Rules and Category management, so that the system generates needed alerts. Ex if goods is 
reaching low in inventory or getting damaged etc 
4. 
On Daily/Regular basis, when goods moves from warehouse to the shop, the system has to 
update the inventory details accordingly. 
5. 
Bar Code Generation-the stickers that will be pasted on the items 
6. 
Invoice Management 
Additional Requirements : 
1. There will be a maker-checker role within the shop, where inventory uploaded/entered by a 
maker, would be verified by the checker 
2. 
Once 2pproved by checker, the data should not get tampered with. 
3. The details about the incoming inventories might come as file feed to the system. (refer to 
sample file format) 
4. Invoice would be generated as PDF files (signed) and sent through email to the corresponding 
distributors or seller. 
5. 
Alerts to be sent as Email as part of phase 1, and in phase 2 we will add SMS to it.